[ADD] documents: new documents app + workflow actions (#972)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/documents.rst

> :show-content:

Reviewer: This page is not a parent page (no `toctree` in it) so `:show-content:` is useless here.

:show-content:

=========
Documents
=========

> **Odoo Documents** allows you to store, view and manage files within Odoo.
> 
> You can upload any type of file (max 64MB per file on Odoo Online/SaaS), and organize them in
> folders known as workspaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Odoo Documents** allows you to store, view, and manage files within Odoo.

You can upload any type of file (max 64MB per file on Odoo Online/SaaS) and organize them in
various workspaces.
```

.. seealso::
   - `Odoo Documents: product page <https://www.odoo.com/app/documents>`_

Workflow actions
================

Workflow actions are automated actions you can create and customize at the level of each
workspace. They appear next to a file whenever it meets the criteria you set. That way you can,
for example, add tags to a file or move it to another workspace with a single click. Workflow
actions help you streamline the management of your documents and your overall business operations.

Create workflow actions
-----------------------

To create workflow actions, go to :menuselection:`Documents --> Configuration --> Workspaces` and
select the workspace where the action should apply. Click on the *Actions* smart button, and then
on *Create*.

.. image:: documents/access-workflow-actions.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Workflow actions smart button in Odoo Documents

.. note::
   An action applies to all *Child Workspaces* under the *Parent Workspace* you selected (i.e., to

>    all subfolders under the selected folder).

Reviewer 2: If "workspaces"  means "folders" I'd rather remove the "i.e." between brackets.
When I first read it, I was uncertain to which folder you were referring to, then I understood it must be proper folders, somehow different from the workspaces.

To me it isn't exactly true...
Workspaces act more like "filters" since parent workspaces also display the files in the child workspaces.

If you feel like explaining workspaces, I would do it as a separate topic before the title "Workflow actions". (maybe another PR? So we can already merge this content :) )

Author: Indeed, we could explain the concept of workspaces acting like filters (plus maybe a bit more info) before going into workflow actions - in another PR :)

.. tip::
   If you use the :doc:`developer mode <../general/developer_mode/activate>`, you can directly
   access all your actions by going to :menuselection:`Documents --> Configuration --> Actions`.

Set the conditions
------------------

After naming your workflow action, you can set the conditions that trigger the appearance of the
action button on the right-side panel when selecting a file.

There are three basic types of conditions you can set:

#. **Tags**: you can both use the *Contains* and *Does not contain* conditions, meaning the files
   *must have* or *mustn't have* the tags set here.

#. **Contact**: the files must be associated with the contact set here.

#. **Owner**: the files must be associated with the owner set here.

.. image:: documents/basic-condition-example.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of a workflow action's basic condition in Odoo Documents

.. tip::
   If you don't set any conditions, the action button appears for all files located inside the
   selected workspace.

Advanced condition type: domain
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. important::

>    It is recommended to have some knowledge of Odoo development to properly configure *Domain*
>    filters.

Reviewer 2: I added this as a suggestion in the previous review but I guess you didn't see it:
put "properly" at the end of the sentence.
```suggestion
   It is recommended to have some knowledge of Odoo development to configure *Domain* filters
   properly.
```

Reviewer 2: All good then :D 
thanks
